Cross-document Rails form helpers (#84)
pantographe/view_component-form: README.md

<input class="text-field" type="text" value="John" name="user[first_name]" id="user_first_name">
```

### Using your form components without a backing model

If you want to ensure that your fields display consistently across your app,
you'll need to lean on Rails' own helpers. You may be used to using form tag
helpers such as `text_field_tag` to generate tags, or even writing out plain
HTML tags. These can't be integrated with a form builder, so they won't offer
you the benefits of this gem.

You'll most likely want to use either:

- [`form_with`](https://api.rubyonrails.org/v6.1.4/classes/ActionView/Helpers/FormHelper.html#method-i-form_with)

>   and supply a route as the endpoint, e.g. `form_for users_path do |f| ...`, or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  and supply a route as the endpoint, e.g. `form_with url: users_path do |f| ...`, or
```
